README.md, before:

# Normandy Actions
This repository contains the implementations of actions used in the
[Normandy recipe server][normandy].

[normandy]: https://github.com/mozilla/normandy

## Actions
Actions are structured as subfolders under the `actions` directory. The name of
the directory is used as the name of the action when uploading, meaning that
they must be valid slugs (alphanumeric + underscore and dash).

An action is required to have two files: an `index.js` file implementing the
action, and an `arguments.json` file describing the arguments object that the
action accepts using [JSON Schema][].

The `index.js` file must call the global `Normandy.registerAction` function,
passing the name of the action (which must match the directory name) and a
function implementing the action. The function takes a single argument that
conforms to the schema in `arguments.json`.

Actions are built using [Webpack][] and can be written in [ES2015][] thanks to
[Babel][]. See `.babelrc` for our specific configuration.

[JSON Schema]: http://json-schema.org/
[Webpack]: https://webpack.github.io/
[ES2015]: http://babeljs.io/docs/learn-es2015/
[Babel]: http://babeljs.io/

## Setup
Before running the upload script, you must create a configuration file with
the URL you want to upload actions to and your access credentials. To do so,
copy the `config.json-dist` file to `config.json` at the root of the repo:

```sh
cp config.json-dist config.json
```

`config.json` is split into multiple environments, that can be switched between
using the `--env=envname` argument to several commands. The environment from the
`defaultEnv` value in the config is used when no environment is specified. The
keys to configure are:

### `api_token`
Required. The API token for authenticate with the recipe server.

### `normandy_url`
The base URL of the Normandy recipe server to upload actions to. Example:
`https://localhost:8000/api/v1`.

### `verify`
Boolean setting as to whether the SSL certificate of the recipe server should be
verified or not. Should be set to false for local development servers, and true
otherwise.

## Scripts

### `npm run build`
Runs Webpack to build the actions. Post-build artifacts can be found in the
`build` directory, with one JS file per action.

### `npm run upload`
Uploads actions to an instance of the recipe server. Actions are automatically
built before uploading.

You can specify which individual actions to upload by passing their names to the
command:

```sh
npm run upload -- action-name other-action-name
```

You can specify which environment config from the `config.json` file to use
using the `--env` argument:

```sh
npm run upload -- --env=development action-name
```

If not environment is specified, the `default` one is used.

### `npm run watch`
Watches the `actions` directory for changes and uploads actions when changes to
their files are detected. This is mostly useful for local development where you
want to quickly update a local Normandy instance. Accepts the same `--env`
argument that `upload` does.

## Tests
Use the `npm test` command to run the test suite.

## Documentation

Documentation for the Driver API is stored in the `docs` directory and built
using [Sphinx][]. You'll want to create a [virtualenv][] and install the
requirements from the `docs/requirements.txt`:

```sh
pip install -r docs/requirements.txt
```

Then, build the documentation using `make`:

```sh
cd docs
make html
```

The built documentation should be available at `docs/_build/html/index.html`.

[Sphinx]: http://www.sphinx-doc.org/
[virtualenv]: https://virtualenv.pypa.io/

## License

Normandy actions are licensed under the MPLv2. See the `LICENSE` file for
details.

Commit message:

Switch to Karma + Jasmine for running tests.
Karma lets us run our tests in a real Firefox instance, and
Jasmine reduces the number of dependencies we have for testing.
(Also Sinon has issues when run through Webpack, and we need to
run our tests through Webpack so that they can run in a browser.)

README.md, after:

# Normandy Actions
This repository contains the implementations of actions used in the
[Normandy recipe server][normandy].

[normandy]: https://github.com/mozilla/normandy

## Actions
Actions are structured as subfolders under the `actions` directory. The name of
the directory is used as the name of the action when uploading, meaning that
they must be valid slugs (alphanumeric + underscore and dash).

An action is required to have two files: an `index.js` file implementing the
action, and an `arguments.json` file describing the arguments object that the
action accepts using [JSON Schema][].

The `index.js` file must call the global `Normandy.registerAction` function,
passing the name of the action (which must match the directory name) and a
function implementing the action. The function takes a single argument that
conforms to the schema in `arguments.json`.

Actions are built using [Webpack][] and can be written in [ES2015][] thanks to
[Babel][]. See `.babelrc` for our specific configuration.

[JSON Schema]: http://json-schema.org/
[Webpack]: https://webpack.github.io/
[ES2015]: http://babeljs.io/docs/learn-es2015/
[Babel]: http://babeljs.io/

## Setup
Before running the upload script, you must create a configuration file with
the URL you want to upload actions to and your access credentials. To do so,
copy the `config.json-dist` file to `config.json` at the root of the repo:

```sh
cp config.json-dist config.json
```

`config.json` is split into multiple environments, that can be switched between
using the `--env=envname` argument to several commands. The environment from the
`defaultEnv` value in the config is used when no environment is specified. The
keys to configure are:

### `api_token`
Required. The API token for authenticate with the recipe server.

### `normandy_url`
The base URL of the Normandy recipe server to upload actions to. Example:
`https://localhost:8000/api/v1`.

### `verify`
Boolean setting as to whether the SSL certificate of the recipe server should be
verified or not. Should be set to false for local development servers, and true
otherwise.

## Scripts

### `npm run build`
Runs Webpack to build the actions. Post-build artifacts can be found in the
`build` directory, with one JS file per action.

### `npm run upload`
Uploads actions to an instance of the recipe server. Actions are automatically
built before uploading.

You can specify which individual actions to upload by passing their names to the
command:

```sh
npm run upload -- action-name other-action-name
```

You can specify which environment config from the `config.json` file to use
using the `--env` argument:

```sh
npm run upload -- --env=development action-name
```

If not environment is specified, the `default` one is used.

### `npm run watch`
Watches the `actions` directory for changes and uploads actions when changes to
their files are detected. This is mostly useful for local development where you
want to quickly update a local Normandy instance. Accepts the same `--env`
argument that `upload` does.

### `npm run test-watch`
Watches the `test` directory for changes and re-runs the tests automatically
when changes are detected.

## Tests
Use the `npm test` command to run the test suite. The tests require that you
have Firefox installed.

## Documentation

Documentation for the Driver API is stored in the `docs` directory and built
using [Sphinx][]. You'll want to create a [virtualenv][] and install the
requirements from the `docs/requirements.txt`:

```sh
pip install -r docs/requirements.txt
```

Then, build the documentation using `make`:

```sh
cd docs
make html
```

The built documentation should be available at `docs/_build/html/index.html`.

[Sphinx]: http://www.sphinx-doc.org/
[virtualenv]: https://virtualenv.pypa.io/

## License

Normandy actions are licensed under the MPLv2. See the `LICENSE` file for
details.
